we go with the best images of
commitment led by david morals
that ran well not the only good mistake
it was also a product of an assistant and he
you have to pay attention of course to
line judge voice at all times was
the one who commanded the attacks in this
commitment arriving with ball stopped
with elaboration with plays with shots
of medium distance like this one of Carlos
ísmodes that happens to near the arch of
mosquera that were the protagonists of
this commitment and guilty that the
goal has not arrived
in advance, he also played with
many changes of orientation to
backs of sport markers
Ancash finding the spaces
necessary but not defining
adequately in this opportunity I was going to
take
the hernandez pincers a great service
backwards hooking the appearance of
what is franking the auction that
find
the great action of mosquera to avoid
the commitment to the first
would arrive more until from pockets 1
time the center of the franc header
had already taken out or would take ceballos and
would be with a man less than
reference in the area so after the
attitude of high courage to look for her as
the only great one that clarifies the commitment
was the counterattack holds well guard
yields to polo mine but morals in its
only intervention does it in a great way
the medium distance shot
and the appearance of maple to mark the
first the commitment that al qaeda was
invalidated badly and validated by the judge of
line because we see the recovery not
was out of the game for not being the auction
of case stability and maximum maple not
invalidity or online wrongly
we reiterate and I go began to distress
it stopped generating after about
minutes would appear this decision is great
mosquera intervention again
taking out the changed hand to avoid the
so much of the commitment after he repealed
on the right the rubber center and
as 9 we had asked for good as 9
appeared the red one for the efesé
central needs to take shelter
in defense it was necessary to attack in
search for the headbutt and I would get it
it was eye then the voice in the exit
it started from over the field
frank leandro and when he controls with
right I knew how I was going to define
I steal them from the point of view
defining the far post anything
we separated that it was a 20 more than fair
the voice for everything he did for everything
what originated from everything that came and
at the end by how he defined